1	"An administrator is configuring a server to communicate with a new storage array. To do so, the administrator enters WWPN of the new array in the server's storage configuration. Which of the following technologies is the new connection using?"	Comp. Sci.	iSCSI	eSATA	NFS	FCoE
2	Which of the following would a systems administrator implement to ensure all web traffic is secure?	Comp. Sci.	SSL	SSH	SMTP	PGP
3	A server administrator is testing a disaster recovery plan. The test involves creating a downtime scenario and taking the necessary steps. Which of the following testing methods is the administrator MOST likely performing?	Comp. Sci.	Tabletop	Backup recovery	Simulated	Live failover
4	A technician wants to limit disk usage on a server. Which of the following should the technician implement?	Comp. Sci.	Disk quotas	Formatting	Compression	Partitioning
5	"A systems administrator has noticed performance degradation on a company file server, and one of the disks on it has a solid amber light. The administrator logs on to the disk utility and sees the array is rebuilding. Which of the following should the administrator do NEXT once the rebuild is finished?"	Comp. Sci.	Swap the drive and initialize the disk.	Restore the server from a snapshot.	Restore the server from backup.	Swap the drive and initialize the array.
6	A server administrator needs to configure a server on a network that will have no more than 30 available IP addresses. Which of the following subnet addresses will be the MOST efficient for this network?	Comp. Sci.	255.255.255.224	255.255.255.0	255.255.255.128	255.255.255.252
7	A server administrator is creating a new server that will be used to house customer sales records. Which of the following roles will MOST likely be installed on the server?	Comp. Sci.	Database	Print	File	Messaging
8	A server administrator is deploying a UPS at a datacenter and notices the device is making an audible beep every few seconds. Which of the following is the MOST likely cause?	Comp. Sci.	The battery is faulty	The battery cable is disconnected	The device is plugged into the wrong outlet	The serial cable is not connected
9	A server technician is installing a new server OS on legacy server hardware. Which of the following should the technician do FIRST to ensure the OS will work as intended?	Comp. Sci.	Consult the HCL to ensure everything is supported	Migrate the physical server to a virtual server	Low-level format the hard drives to ensure there is no old data remaining	Make sure the case and the fans are free from dust to ensure proper cooling
10	An administrator is researching the upcoming licensing software requirements for an application that usually requires very little technical support. Which of the following licensing models would be the LOWEST cost solution?	Comp. Sci.	Open-source	Per CPU socket	Per CPU core	Enterprise agreement
