1	"A company is reviewing options for its current disaster recovery plan and potential changes to it. The security team will not allow customer data to egress to non-company equipment, and the company has requested recovery in the shortest possible time. Which of the following will BEST meet these goals?"	Comp. Sci.	A warm site	A hot site	Cloud recovery	A cold site
2	Which of the following encryption methodologies would MOST likely be used to ensure encrypted data cannot be retrieved if a device is stolen?	Comp. Sci.	Encryption at rest	End-to-end encryption	Encryption in transit	Public key encryption
3	A snapshot is a feature that can be used in hypervisors to:	Comp. Sci.	perform a backup restore.	roll back firmware updates.	restore to a previous version.	roll back application drivers.
4	A server administrator needs to deploy five VMs. all of which must have the same type of configuration. Which of the following would be the MOST efficient way to perform this task?	Comp. Sci.	Use a VM template.	Snapshot a VM.	Use a physical host.	Perform a P2V conversion.
5	"A global organization keeps personnel application servers that are local to each country. However, a security audit shows these application servers are accessible from sites in other countries. Which of the following hardening techniques should the organization use to restrict access to only sites that are in the same country?"	Comp. Sci.	Configure a firewall	Close the unneeded ports	Install a HIDS	Disable unneeded services
6	A server administrator is configuring the IP address on a newly provisioned server in the testing environment. The network VLANs are configured as follows: The administrator configures the IP address for the new server as follows: IP address: 192 168 1.1/24 Default gateway: 192.168.10.1 .A ping sent to the default gateway is not successful. Which of the following IP address/default gateway combinations should the administrator have used for the new server?	Comp. Sci.	IP address: 192.168 10.2/24. Default gateway: 192.168.10.1	IP address: 192.168 1.2/24. Default gateway: 192.168 10.1	IP address: 192.168 10.3/24. Default gateway: 192.168.20.1	IP address: 192.168 10.24/24. Default gateway: 192.168.30.1
7	A server administrator is configuring a new server that will hold large amounts of information. The server will need to be accessed by multiple users at the same time . Which of the following server roles will the administrator MOST likely need to install?	Comp. Sci.	Application	Messaging	Print	Database
8	"Users at a company work with highly sensitive data. The security department implemented an administrative and technical control to enforce least-privilege access assigned to files. However, the security department has discovered unauthorized data exfiltration. Which of the following is the BEST way to protect the data from leaking?"	Comp. Sci.	Install a DLP solution.	Utilize privacy screens.	Implement disk quotas.	Enforce the lock-screen feature
9	A server administrator needs to create a new folder on a file server that only specific users can access. Which of the following BEST describes how the server administrator can accomplish this task?	Comp. Sci.	Create a group that includes all users and assign the proper permissions.	Create a group that includes all users and assign it to an ACL.	Assign individual permissions on the folder to each user.	Assign ownership on the folder for each user.
10	"A technician has received multiple reports of issues with a server. The server occasionally has a BSOD, powers off unexpectedly, and has fans that run continuously. Which of the following BEST represents what the technician should investigate during troubleshooting?"	Comp. Sci.	CPU overheating	Firmware incompatibility	LED indicators	ESD issues
